Add a section for Vault Namespaces. (#815)
portworx/pxdocs: content/key-management/vault/pvc-enc/_index.md

{{% content "shared/key-management-intro.md" %}}

There are two ways in which Portworx volumes can be encrypted and are dependent on how the Vault secret key is provided to Portworx.

## Encryption using Storage Class

In this method, Portworx will use the cluster wide secret key to encrypt PVCs.

### Step 1: Set a cluster wide secret

{{% content "shared/key-management-set-cluster-wide-secret.md" %}}

{{% content "shared/key-management-storage-class-encryption.md" %}}

__Important: Cluster wide secrets are not supported when using Vault Namespaces__

## Encryption using PVC annotations

In this method, each PVC can be encrypted with its own secret key.

### Step 1: Create a Storage Class

{{% content "shared/key-management-enc-storage-class-spec.md" %}}

### Step 2: Create a PVC with annotations

{{% content "shared/key-management-other-providers-pvc-encryption.md" %}}

__Important: Make sure secret `your-secret-key` exists in Vault__

## Encryption using PVC annotations with Vault Namespaces

> When you have **Vault Namespaces** enabled and your secret resides inside a specific namespace, then the name of that namespace and the secret key needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have **Vault Namespaces** enabled and your secret resides inside a specific namespace, you must provide the name of that namespace and the secret key to Portworx.
```

> to be provided to Portworx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{% content "shared/key-management-enc-storage-class-spec.md" %}}

#### Step 2: Create a PVC with annotations

{{% content "shared/key-management-other-providers-pvc-encryption.md" %}}

> __Important: Make sure secret `your-secret-key` exists in Vault__

Reviewer: Let's put these in info tags
```suggestion
{{<info>}}
**Important:** Make sure secret `your-secret-key` exists in Vault.
{{</info>}}
```

### Encryption using PVC annotations with Vault Namespaces

If you have **Vault Namespaces** enabled and your secret resides inside a specific namespace, you must provide the name of that namespace and the secret key to Portworx.

#### Step 1: Create a Storage Class

{{% content "shared/key-management-enc-storage-class-spec.md" %}}

#### Step 2: Create a PVC with annotations

```text
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: secure-mysql-pvc
  annotations:
    px/secret-name: <your-secret-key>
    px/vault-namespace: <your-vault-namesapce>
spec:
  storageClassName: portworx-sc
  accessModes:
  - ReadWriteOnce
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 2Gi
```

The PVC requires an extra annotation `px/vault-namespace` to indicate the Vault namespace where the secret key resides. If your key resides in the global vault namespace
set in Portworx using the parameter `VAULT_NAMESPACE`, you don't need to specify this annotation. However if the key resides in any other namespace then this annotation is
required.

> __Important: Make sure secret `your-secret-key` exists in the namespace `your-vault-namespace` in Vault__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<info>}}
**IMPORTANT:** Make sure the secret `your-secret-key` exists in the namespace `your-vault-namespace` in Vault.
{{</info>}}
```
